about/index.md, before:

---
layout:       page
title:        About
---

OpenFDA is the first innovation created by [Taha Kass-Hout, MD, MS](http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/ucm349836.htm), upon joining [FDA](http://www.fda.gov/) as the first Chief Health Information Officer in March 2013. The goal of the project is to create easy access to public data, to create a new level of openness and accountability, to ensure the privacy and security of public FDA data, and ultimately to educate the public and save lives. The concept was to index high-value public-access data, format and document that data in developer and consumer-friendly standards, and make that data available via a public-access portal that enables developers to quickly and easily use it in applications. Dr. Kass-Hout launched the project by obtaining a Presidential Innovation Fellow to focus on policy and programmatic issues in July 2013. In August 2013, a research and development contract was awarded to [Iodine, Inc.](http://www.iodine.com/) to build the site under BAA contract number HHSF223201400128C. The public cloud environment was determined in September 2013, and Dr. Kass-Hout's team solicited agency and user input into policies, first priority datasets, and desirable technical characteristics of openFDA. In December 2013 FDA established the Office of Informatics and Technology Innovation (OITI) under Dr. Kass-Hout’s leadership. All the project milestones were met despite the government shutdown.

OpenFDA launched in Beta mode on June 2, 2014, at [https://open.fda.gov](https://open.fda.gov). It features an open user community for sharing open source code, examples, and ideas. By September 2014, medical device reports, enforcement reports, and drug adverse event reports were available, and every mention of a drug in those reports was automatically augmented with full data from various drug datasets, including codes and label information. In addition, there were over 4.5 million data calls, over 40,000 visitors to openFDA from all over the world, dozens of press articles, and several websites that use openFDA in their own public offerings.

During Fiscal Year 2015, additional datasets and harmonization will be added.

## What does it do?

OpenFDA provides APIs and is investigating raw download access to a number of high-value structured datasets, including adverse events, drug product labeling, and recall enforcement reports. The platform is currently in public beta.

In the future, openFDA will provide a platform for public challenges issued by the FDA and a place for the community to interact with each other and FDA domain experts with the goal of spurring innovation around FDA data.

We're currently focused on datasets in the following areas:

- **Adverse events.** FDA’s publically available drug adverse event and medication error reports, and medical device adverse event reports.
- **Recalls.** Enforcement report data, containing information gathered from public notices about certain recalls of FDA-regulated products.
- **Labeling.** Structured Product Labeling (SPL) data for FDA-regulated human prescription drug, OTC drug and biological product labeling.

## Who made openFDA?

OpenFDA is an initiative in the Office of Informatics and Technology Innovation (OITI) at the Food and Drug Administration led by the Chief Health Informatics Officer (CHIO), Dr. Taha Kass-Hout, MD, MS. The core project team consists of the following individuals, in alphabetical order:

- Adam Baker*
- Thomas Goetz*
- Steven Hubbard
- Taha Kass-Hout
- Matt Mohebbi*
- Hans Nelsen*
- Russell Power*
- Kelemework Yimam

*_Contractor to OITI_

The team also wishes to thank the following individuals for their contributions to the effort:

- Gray Brooks
- Yulia Borodina
- Roselie Bright
- Eric Brodsky
- Sharon Campbell
- Isaac Chang
- Ricky Cokely
- Mildred Cooper
- Suranjan De
- Andrea Fischer
- Janet Gentry
- Amber Griffin
- Marni Hall
- Margaret Hamburg
- Walter Harris
- Angelique Hebert
- Sean Herron
- Milan Kubic
- Joshua Lehman
- Randy Levin
- Alan McClelland
- Joe Neubauer
- Brian Norris
- Rosie Owens
- John Quinn
- Mark Silverberg
- Jeff Shuren
- Jeff Ventura
- Bradford Wintermute
- Sean Wybenga
- Zhiheng (Roy) Xu
- Carolyn Yancey

## How can I join in?

The best place to start is on the [API basics]({{site.baseurl}}/api/reference/) page. It provides a great introduction to openFDA and how you can begin developing using the platform. We're also active on [GitHub](https://github.com/fda), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openFDA), and [StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com/search?q=openfda). If there is a unique partnership opportunity or other collaboration you wish to discuss, you can email us at [open@fda.hhs.gov](mailto:open@fda.hhs.gov).

Commit message:

Add status page and update website
R: @rjpower

- Add API status page
- Update site-wide design and navigation
- Correct API explorer error messages
- Add external link icons to external links
- Add dataset/downloads index page
- Update data.json
- Fix IE8/9 bugs with HTTP requests
- Add autoprefixer to LESS
- Begin refactoring site LESS
- Correct numerous minor content errors
- .gitignore node_modules
- Other minor bug fixes

about/index.md, after:

---
layout:       page
title:        About
---

OpenFDA is the first innovation created by [Taha Kass-Hout, MD, MS](http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/ucm349836.htm), upon joining [FDA](http://www.fda.gov/) as the first Chief Health Information Officer in March 2013. The goal of the project is to create easy access to public data, to create a new level of openness and accountability, to ensure the privacy and security of public FDA data, and ultimately to educate the public and save lives. The concept was to index high-value public-access data, format and document that data in developer and consumer-friendly standards, and make that data available via a public-access portal that enables developers to quickly and easily use it in applications. Dr. Kass-Hout launched the project by obtaining a Presidential Innovation Fellow to focus on policy and programmatic issues in July 2013. In August 2013, a research and development contract was awarded to [Iodine, Inc.](http://www.iodine.com/) {% include external-link.html %} to build the site under BAA contract number HHSF223201400128C. The public cloud environment was determined in September 2013, and Dr. Kass-Hout's team solicited agency and user input into policies, first priority datasets, and desirable technical characteristics of openFDA. In December 2013 FDA established the Office of Informatics and Technology Innovation (OITI) under Dr. Kass-Hout’s leadership. All the project milestones were met despite the government shutdown.

OpenFDA launched in Beta mode on June 2, 2014, at [https://open.fda.gov](https://open.fda.gov). It features an open user community for sharing open source code, examples, and ideas. By September 2014, medical device reports, enforcement reports, and drug adverse event reports were available, and every mention of a drug in those reports was automatically augmented with full data from various drug datasets, including codes and label information. In addition, there were over 4.5 million data calls, over 40,000 visitors to openFDA from all over the world, dozens of press articles, and several websites that use openFDA in their own public offerings.

During Fiscal Year 2015, additional datasets and harmonization will be added.

## What does it do?

OpenFDA provides APIs and is investigating raw download access to a number of high-value structured datasets, including adverse events, drug product labeling, and recall enforcement reports. The platform is currently in public beta.

In the future, openFDA will provide a platform for public challenges issued by the FDA and a place for the community to interact with each other and FDA domain experts with the goal of spurring innovation around FDA data.

We're currently focused on datasets in the following areas:

- **Adverse events.** FDA’s publically available drug adverse event and medication error reports, and medical device adverse event reports.
- **Recalls.** Enforcement report data, containing information gathered from public notices about certain recalls of FDA-regulated products.
- **Labeling.** Structured Product Labeling (SPL) data for FDA-regulated human prescription drug, OTC drug and biological product labeling.

## Who made openFDA?

OpenFDA is an initiative in the Office of Informatics and Technology Innovation (OITI) at the Food and Drug Administration led by the Chief Health Informatics Officer (CHIO), Dr. Taha Kass-Hout, MD, MS. The core project team consists of the following individuals, in alphabetical order:

- Adam Baker*
- Thomas Goetz*
- Steven Hubbard
- Taha Kass-Hout
- Matt Mohebbi*
- Hans Nelsen*
- Russell Power*
- Kelemework Yimam

*_Contractor to OITI_

The team also wishes to thank the following individuals for their contributions to the effort:

- Gray Brooks
- Yulia Borodina
- Roselie Bright
- Eric Brodsky
- Sharon Campbell
- Isaac Chang
- Ricky Cokely
- Mildred Cooper
- Suranjan De
- Andrea Fischer
- Janet Gentry
- Amber Griffin
- Marni Hall
- Margaret Hamburg
- Walter Harris
- Angelique Hebert
- Sean Herron
- Milan Kubic
- Joshua Lehman
- Randy Levin
- Alan McClelland
- Joe Neubauer
- Brian Norris
- Rosie Owens
- John Quinn
- Mark Silverberg
- Jeff Shuren
- Jeff Ventura
- Bradford Wintermute
- Sean Wybenga
- Zhiheng (Roy) Xu
- Carolyn Yancey

## How can I join in?

The best place to start is on the [API basics]({{site.baseurl}}/api/reference/) page. It provides a great introduction to openFDA and how you can begin developing using the platform. We're also active on [GitHub](https://github.com/fda) {% include external-link.html %}, [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openFDA) {% include external-link.html %}, and [StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com/search?q=openfda) {% include external-link.html %}. If there is a unique partnership opportunity or other collaboration you wish to discuss, you can email us at [open@fda.hhs.gov](mailto:open@fda.hhs.gov).
